
Interface
    Class implements Interface class
    1. Implement Data Abstraction
    2. Multiple Inheritance can be implemented via Interface.
    3. All member variable by default public static final.
        Abstract class may contain non final variable.
    4. All member method are by default public.
    4. From java 9 onwards,
        Interface can have
                1.default method definition
                2.private method definition
                3.static method definition

Abstract
    Class inherits abstract class
    1. Member variable are non-final
    2. Can have function definition
    3. An abstract method need to define by class that inherit it.
    4. Abstract class can't be final class
    5. A final class can't have abstract method.
    6. Multiple inheritance can't be supported via abstract class.
    7. Abstract class can have final method.
    8. Abstract class can't have final abstract method.


Abstract Vs Interface
-----------------------
1. Interface can only have abstract method. Abstract can have both abstract and non-abstract method.
    from java 8 it has static and default method
2. Variable declared in interface is final . Abstract may have non-final variable.
3. Abstract can have final, non-final, static, non static variable.
    Interface can have final and static variable.
4. Abstract class can provide implementation of interface class. Interface can't
5. Inheritance vs Abstraction :-Abstract get inherit via extends interface via implements.
6. Multiple inheritance can be implemented via interface , abstract can't
7. Member method in java interface is public by default. Abstract can have public , private ,protected,default.

When to use what?
====================

Consider using abstract classes if any of these statements apply to your situation:

    In java application, there are some related classes that need to share some lines of code then you can put these lines of code within abstract class and this abstract class should be extended by all these related classes.
    You can define non-static or non-final field(s) in abstract class, so that via a method you can access and modify the state of Object to which they belong.
    You can expect that the classes that extend an abstract class have many common methods or fields, or require access modifiers other than public (such as protected and private).
    Consider using interfaces if any of these statements apply to your situation:

It is total abstraction, All methods declared within an interface must be implemented by the class(es) that implements this interface.
    A class can implement more than one interface. It is called multiple inheritance.
    You want to specify the behavior of a particular data type, but not concerned about who implements its behavior.


Comparator Interface
-----------------------
1. Comparator interface is used to sort User-defined object.
2. Comparator interface is external to class.
3. It can sort based on multiple member variable

Comparable Interface
--------------------
1. Comparable interface provide ability to class to sort itself
2. Class need to implement this interface and override CompareTo method.
3. This can sort class object based on only one member variable.

Function Interface
===================
Interface can have only one abstract method.
It can have as many as default method.
Runnable, ActionListener, Comparable are function interface.
annotation : @FunctionInterface is used to give error if more than one abstract method is defined.

Marker Interface
-----------------
Marker Interface are empty interface with no field and method.
Cloneable, Serializable, Remote are marker interface.

    Cloneable Interface
         A class that implements the Cloneable interface indicates
         that it is legal for clone() method to make a field-for-field copy of instances of that class.
         Invoking Object’s clone method on an instance of the class that does not
         implement the Cloneable interface results in an exception CloneNotSupportedException being thrown
         By convention, classes that implement this interface should override Object.clone() method

        Clone Method
            Object cloning refers to creation of exact copy of an object.
            It creates a new instance of the class of current object and
            initializes all its fields with exactly the contents of the corresponding fields of this object.

            Deep copy and shallow copy.
            While cloning , changing in primitive type will not be reflected in another object
            but changing a object type member will get reflected on all object.

            To create a Deep copy, Store the super.clone return object in Object reference.
            Create new member object using new via object reference.


