JVM(java Virtual Machine)
--------------------------
JVM is part of JRE


Classloader Subsystem

    classloader -- linking -- initialize

    Classloader is responsible for loading class at runtime.

    There are three level of classloader:-
        1. BootStrap classloader written in native code.
            load core class from /jre/lib    internal class (rt.jar)
        2. Extension classloader
            path:- /jre/lib/ext
                or from java.ext.dirs system properties
        3. System/application classloader
                from classPath

     Linking
        Verify :- Verify if byte code is proper java byte code. Magic number check is there
        Prepare :- memory Allocation to class variable like static not instance variable. and assign default value
        Resolve :- All symbolic representation inside class get assign to actual value. Like constant variable class x refer to class y

      Initialize
            All class variable like static get initialized to value as in code.

Runtime Data Area
  JVM Memory
    Method Area-- Heap--- JVM Language Stack-- PC register-- Native Method Stack

    Method Area(PermGen):- Class related info. class name ,
                    parent class name, method, member variable , static varible
                    Its a shared resource. Method area is also term as perm space.
                    Default size is 64MB
                    can be tune using -XX:MaxPermSize

              From java 8 there is no PermGen  , there is metaSpace which is part of native OS. and can grow/shrink on demand.
    Heap:-  Object . Shared Resource
            Can be tune using -Xms -Xmx
    Stack :-  Stack frame of each thread .Stack frame consist frame local variable, parameter , return variable
                Can be tune using -Xss
    PC register :- Program counter of address of next instruction to execute per thread
    Native method stack: stack of native method(C,C++)

    note:- static variable is part of MethodArea(permGen) as it is part of class not instance.
    
    Form java 8 Ther is no PermGen .So no out of memory due to PermGen issue.
    It will take native memory as MetaSpace take.


Execution Engine
    1. Interpreter
    2. JIT compiler(Just in time)
    3. Garbage Collector

    Interpreter
        Byte code is interpreter into native code. Disadvantage: if same method is called multiple times
                interpreter will be called each time
    JIT
         Store the native code after interpretation. so same method is called multiple time. interpreter will run once.

    Garbage Collector  MDC( Mark, Delete, Compact)


        1. Serial Collector  :- Single Thread. STW(stop the world) for MDC
        2. Parallel collector:- Multiple Thread . Default Collector
        3. CMS(concurrent mark and sweep)  -  It runs in parallel with application.
            STW is called only during mark and remark. Full GC run in concurrent with application with delete and compact steps.

            Heap is divided into
            Young Generation --  Old Generation

            Young Generation is further divided into
            Eden - S1(survivor one) - S2(survivor two)

            Minor GC run in Young Generation. And whatever object survive move to Survivor region.
            After surviving for a threshold object is move to Old Generation.

            Major GC run when old generation is nearly full. Full GC runs on entire heap region. So will take more time to complete.

        4. G1 Collector(garbage first)
            Divide the memory into small region. SO whatever region has more unreachable object/garbage is collected first.
           Generation concept prevails here also
            
            most object allocation happen in eden region. it follow same concept as above. 
            if object size >= 50% size of G1 region. Object is stored in one Old generation region and know as
           humongous object. if object size > size of G1 region. Object is stored in old generation region.
           
           It maintain collection set(set of young region)
                        mixed set (set of all young region and few old region)
                        Remember Set keep track of objects.
        A garbage collector (GC) is a memory management tool.
        The G1 GC achieves automatic memory management through the following operations:

        Allocating objects to a young generation and promoting aged objects into an old generation.
        Finding live objects in the old generation through a concurrent (parallel) marking phase. 
        The Java HotSpot VM triggers the marking phase when the total Java heap occupancy exceeds the default threshold.
        Recovering free memory by compacting live objects through parallel copying.      
        Few object is collected causes shorter pause.
        
            Compaction is happen by moving all live object in empty region.
                Major improvement in G1 after jdk 8
                ---  string de-duplication
                ---  class unloading after concurrent cycle.
                ---  More effective pause
                ---- Eager reclamation of humongous object
                --   Adaptive start of concurrent cycle

            Upto 1.6   Default is Parallel collector
            1.7  Default is G1
Visual VM tool can be use for visualizing GC
